minor grammar changes (#2885)
godotengine/godot-docs: development/cpp/configuring_an_ide.rst

brings a little problem with it: as the development continues, source files
(and folders) are added or removed. These changes needs to be reflected in
your project files for Qt Creator too, so you continue to have a nice

> experience coding in it. A simple way to check, is to right click

Reviewer: The comma isn't necessary here:

```suggestion
experience coding in it. A simple way to check is to right click
```

- Now open cloned godot folder in VS Code (File > Open Folder...)

In order to build the project, we need two configuration files: *launch.json* and *tasks.json*.
To create them:

- Open Debug view (Ctrl + Shift + D) and select cogwheel with an orange dot:

.. image:: img/vscode_1_create_launch.json.png

- Select *C++ (GDB/LLDB)* (it might be named differently on macOS or Windows)

- Update *launch.json* to match:

.. image:: img/vscode_2_launch.json.png

(Note that *godot.x11.tools.64* in "program" value might be named differently on macOS or Windows)

> - Create *tasks.json* by starting the Debug process (F5). VSCode will show a dialog with a *Configure Task* button. Tap it and select *Create tasks.json file from template*, then select *Others*

Reviewer: "VS Code" is generally preferred to "VSCode" as a short form for "Visual Studio Code":

```suggestion
- Create *tasks.json* by starting the Debug process (F5). VS Code will show a dialog with a *Configure Task* button. Tap it and select *Create tasks.json file from template*, then select *Others*
```
